a never-ending discovery for me and it's
helped me explore myself as an artist
it's helped me explore life and death
you know a curtain goes up and you're
born curtain comes down and you die you
know and you wait for the next evolution
of your ear time
my name is Wendy Whelan and I'm a dancer
it really was luck and fate I was in the
middle child of three and we were really
like four three and two or one so I was
like really tight and I was like beating
up the other kits you know why don't you
put little windy in ballet because I
know she's causing havoc at home so they
just plopped me in to that little
afternoon class and smitten I've been
thinking of sort of my future from
ballet for a number of years for a good
number of years and I had a lot of
different incarnations of what I wanted
to do I realized that what I love to do
is work with the choreographer in the
studio more than anything those special
choreographers that I have worked with
I've always wanted to dance with them so
was Restless for the new challenge to
create something so Restless create
Restless creature
a friend of mine wrote me a note and I
really literally saw this this morning
she said you've done really good don't
look back a nice you know what I'm not
looking back yeah people like you want
to do this ballet again you want to do a
piece on pointe shoes and I'm like no I
want to learn about this other world
keep continue to learn yeah